# CS-465


When designing the Angular project, using the Angular Style guide to follow ‘LIFT’: Locate the code quickly, making it intuitive and responsive. Identify the code at a glance, meaning making naming conventions that can be easily understood and accurately represent what is contained within. Flat structures to help avoid over complexity and Try to avoid repetitiveness while maintaining readability. Keeping LIFT in mind, with Angular as the goal, this front-end framework provided tools and access to libraries while allowing the size of the application to grow with the project and give flexibility to how the code is used. 
The project structure itself enables the entire application to be run on the browser or front-end of the application, avoiding the necessity to keep this logic maintained on a server as one would using the Express project Structure. Avoiding use of the server gives Angular an edge when designing a website that expects high-traffic volume of visitors, giving the application high performance. 
The backbone of an Angular SPA is similar to how an express application is designed, making sure to connect the API with the correct URL pathways and Angular router, except that with Angular, everything is ready to go once the page has been loaded. This gives the navigation between pages on the website a fast response for the user. This type of structure that angular uses, is best applied with a small website project that has minimal components., while still offering google support, third party integrations, and a customizable frame work where modules can be easily added and updated as changes are needed.
To test SPA with the API, we can create basic, generalized queries using a test admin username and password. We first put data into the database, then test that we can retrieve this information. We also test that we can retrieve information that should already be in the database. We can test our API endpoints by typing the URL into the local computers browser or use Postman that sends HTTP requests and can consume these responses as well.

Working through the course CS 465, I have found a lot of value in organizing a project and how each element can work together in order to develop a full fledged project. This project has been tough, and it is one I will continue to work on, trying to fix issues and debugging where I may have went wrong. This project has shown me, that while I may be nearing the end of my schooling, I still have much to learn and am eager to keep trying.
